Jose! Below is some info I aggregated and wrote that will definitely need to be modified and refined before we go live but, will work for now as a place holder. I'm waiting on logo stuff, should be any moment now. 


--------------
ABOUT: 
 
Thank you for taking the time to find out more about MORE LIFE. We are a family run company based out of Miami, Florida and Ojai, California. More Life's mission is to raise consciousness and increase health and well being, by offering premium vitamins, herbs, and lifestyle products to humanity. We take pride in delivering the highest quality, complete transparency, and integrity driven customers service. 

EVOLVE CBD line: We believe in the healing and medicinal properties of the hemp plant and its use as an alternative or addition to Western medicine. Through years of research, we have created a unique collection of all-natural organic wellness products based upon our proprietary 99% pure CBD Hemp Extract formulas found and extracted from organic non-GMO hemp farms. Our products are non-psychoactive containing no pesticides, heavy metals or toxins, and can be sold in all 50 states and in many countries worldwide.

How CBD works:
One thing people are always shocked to learn is that CBD is similar to a compound that our bodies produce naturally, and from birth, called endocannabinoids. Cannabinoids aren’t just found in the cannabis plant, they’re also naturally occurring in nature (in kale and broccoli!) but they are the most potent in cannabis.

When we consume cannabinoids, they stimulate the endocannabinoid system, a system of receptors throughout our central nervous system and almost every organ of our bodies (our skin, digestive tracts, etc.). Cannabinoids are the keys that unlock these receptors and this system is incredibly important to our health because they can help with our immune systems, protect our brains, help us manage stress and even keep our bodies in balance (“homeostasis”).

We like to think of CBD like a vitamin. For example, we’re born with calcium in our bones and as we age, our natural reserves of calcium deplete. Much in the same way that we’re encouraged to start taking calcium supplements to keep our bones strong, we also need to supplement our natural reserves of CBD as we get older to help keep our bodies in balance.

As with any supplement, the effects (and the amount you need to experience those effects) can vary based on your own body chemistry, but here are some of the proven researched effects of CBD:

+ analgesic/pain relief
+ anti-inflammatory
+ anti-anxiety
+ neuroprotectant
+ anti-oxidant

CBD side effects? 

There have been no significant central nervous system side effects, or effects on vital signs or mood among people who use CBD either slightly or heavily.

How fast does CBD oil work?
Dependent on formula, dosage, the disease process, and the expectations. Some people notice the calming and relaxing effect of the CBD within 15 minutes when administered orally under the tongue. If you use CBD for other reasons, the medical effect may take longer. For the healing of more chronic or long term symptoms, results can take up to two weeks. 

--------



CBD BENEFITS: 

Relieves Pain and Inflammation

Has Antipsychotic Effects

Reduces Anxiety

Helps to Fight Cancer

Relieves Nausea

May Treat Seizures and Other Neurological Disorders

Lowers Incidence of Diabetes

Promotes Cardiovascular Health



EVOLVE CBD PRODUCTS: REST/ RELAX / FOCUS / WELL / HEAL - pocket sprays, drops, and capsules

More Life's proprietary CBD process allows for high bio-availability of our active ingredients and allows the body to absorb up to 99% into the blood stream and cells.  Crafted with the highest quality naturally derived ingredients, More Life's pocket spray's absorbs rapidly for immediate results. Scientifically Tested to be Safe & Effective. 30 day supply per unit. 

1. REST spray (sleep aid)

REST is MORE LIFE's natural CBD sleep support spray synthesized with Melatonin, GABA, and Valerian Root. Rest deeper, wake up refreshed and clear headed. Receive the benefits of CBD while sleeping. Both melatonin and valerian are used to treat insomnia and sleep issues. Both have shown positive effects on blood pressure. A human being's natural sleep mechanisms frequently get knocked out of whack by travel and long, stressful workdays subject to artificial light. Melatonin helps to reset your biological clock, and is the main hormone synthesized and secreted by the pineal gland. It is produced from a pathway that includes both tryptophan and serotonin. Our unique formula also contains Valerian Root and L-Theanine so you can fall asleep faster. Valerian root, knows as nature's valium, helps to treat anxiety, stress, muscular spasms and cramps. L-Theanine combats the stimulative effects of caffeine and provides a feeling of calmness. It also helps to improve mood and optimism. It works by inducing the release of gamma-amino butyric acid (GABA), the primary inhibitory neurotransmitter. When brain levels of GABA are high, people are more relaxed and less anxious. MORE LIFE's combination of CBD infused with Melatonin, GABA, and Valerian Root creates a powerhouse elixir to help you attain the deepest rest possible. 

2. RELAX spray (anxiety and stress relief)

MORE LIFE's Relax spray treats a variety of anxiety related disorders, including panic attacks, OCD, Social phobia, PTSD, general anxiety and mild to moderate depression. Similar to SSRIs, RELAX spray boost's signaling through serotonin receptors by enhancing 5-HT1A transmission. RELAX administers a fast onset of CBD antidepressant action along with a simultaneous anxiolytic (anti-anxiety) effect.  Relax protects against negative effects on your metabolic, immune, cardiovascular and neurobiological functions, and helps to treat people struggling with chronic stress and anxiety by regulating the release of glucocorticoids, which are potent inhibitors of inflammatory processes and are widely used in the treatment of asthma. 

3. FOCUS spray (energized clarity)

FOCUS provides a kick with B-12, Ginseng and Guarana infusions, to help arrive at optimum energy levels quickly, maintain endurance, mental focus along with aiding as a lactic acid buffer to prevent soreness and muscle fatigue. Our FOCUS spray is ideal before exercise, for a boost in concentration, or when simply needing an extra jumpstart. Our unique combination of B-12, Ginseng and Guarana herbs in conjunction with CBD's medicinal properties will help you to focus naturally, and exceed performance expectation without the anxiety often associated with other energy products. The delicate balance of our blend works with the CBD to provide just the right amount of energy without the jitters. 


2. WELL drops

MORE LIFE's WELL drops are a powerhouse recipe packed with 750mg of pure CBD. Our formula contains 500+mg cannabinoids providing 15mg of cannabinoids Per Serving

Non GMO & Organic
100% USA OIL
Full Hemp Extract also canContain CBG, CBN, CBC, Terpenes, Phenols, & Flavonoides to Provide the Entourage Effect
Made from Organic Hemp Cultivated in the USA ONLY  Grown and Produced
Non GMO & Organic
Supercritical CO2 Extraction Provides the Gentle Approach to Produce the Highest Quality Hemp Oils & Extracts
Tinctures contain the most immediate benefits of CBD and are recommended for overall wellness and bodily maintenance. Tinctures allow for consistent dosing of CBD since they come with measured droppers. You squeeze a few drops (or more, depending on how much you’re looking to consume) under your tongue and you hold it there for 30 seconds. Under the tongue is an effective way to consume CBD because it absorbs more directly into your bloodstream so your body doesn’t waste much of it. 

3. WELL capsules

WELL CBD Oil Capsules contains Full Spectrum CBD Hemp Oil and natural Hemp Extract. Each serving of one capsules contains 25% phytocannabinoids Rich Full Spectrum Hemp oil, which includes CBD and may include CBG, CBGA, CBN, CBNA, CBC, CBCA, THCV, CBDA and CBLA. These are all completely natural and beneficial cannabinoids found in industrial hemp plants. Enjoy the benefits of a Full-Spectrum hemp plant. Our WELL capsules contain all the synergistic cannabinoids, terpenoids, essential oils, and compounds of the original plant for optimal results.  Each capsule contains 25mg of our organically grown, CO2 extracted hemp. Surprisingly, taking CBD orally often has the lowest bioavailability, or, the lowest absorption by your body. If you think about the digestion process, you’ll start to understand why: Your food passes through a lot of enzymes that break it down as it goes through your digestive tract. In general, not much of the CBD taken in capsule form is absorbed (only 20%!). More Life's “water soluble” formulas is more soluble in the digestive tract, meaning significantly higher bioavailability and potency (up to 95%!).

4. HEAL cream 

More Life's Heal cream is the answer for muscle aches, rheumatoid arthritis and many other joint pains. Our unique formulation offers deep skin penetration to help balance the body and ease sore muscles, inflammation, swelling and bruising, helping muscles to relax and recover naturally. This product contains 50mg of CBD oil in combination with arnica and magnesium to melt away pain, inflammation and tension related to sore muscles. Our skin is our largest organ and we absorb a lot more through our skin than you would think. CBD not only absorbs through our skin, it also can be more bioavailable than most other methods. While CBD used topically has the same effects as CBD used in the other methods above, many of these products contain added ingredients that can provide additional therapeutic value. HEAL can also be used as a pre-treatment for periods of over-exertion. Fitness enthusiasts will find this cream very effective to reduce post exercise pain. It is also a useful addition to any massage therapists’ toolbox. It is a great short-term solution for everyday skin irritations, and with continued use, can treat the underlying causes of pain and inflammation.

------------------------

More info....
Yeah like a sub link or could be on a links page that gives people the option to inquire further on the data re cbd research. Links page could also direct people to other things like dancingshiva.com, interesting articles, etc 




On Nov 6, 2017, at 09:49, Jose de Quesada <jdqjdq2000@gmail.com> wrote:

I guess this is it's own pop-up page or something?

On Mon, Nov 6, 2017 at 12:26 PM, masvidalien <masvidalien@gmail.com> wrote:
RESEARCH & DATA: 

Scientific research has shown CBD may be therapeutic for many conditions. In compiling a list of conditions that CBD may help, More Life is grateful to Project CBD for examining hundreds of peer-reviewed articles in scientific journals. Relevant reports have been culled primarily from PubMed, online service of the U.S. National Library of Medicine. To these highly technical reports, we have added articles from O’Shaughnessy’s and a few stories from general interest publications.



Learn about how CBD can help with...

General
Acne
ADD and ADHD
Addiction
AIDS
ALS
Alzheimer’s Disease
Anorexia
Antibiotic Resistance
Anxiety
Atherosclerosis
Arthritis
Asthma
Autism
Bipolar
Cancer
Digestive Issues
Depression
Diabetes
Endocrine Disorders
Epilepsy and Seizures
Fibromyalgia
Glaucoma
Heart Disease
Huntington’s Disease
Inflammation
Irritable Bowel Syndrome
Kidney Disease
Liver Disease
Metabolic Syndrome
Migraine
Mood Disorders
Motion Sickness
Multiple Sclerosis (MS)
Nausea
Neurodegeneration
Chronic Pain
Obesity
OCD
Osteoporosis/Bone Health
Parkinson’s Disease
Prion/Mad Cow disease
PTSD
Rheumatism
Schizophrenia
Sickle Cell Anemia
Skin Conditions
Sleep Disorders
Spinal Cord Injury
Stress
Stroke and TBI
Most of the PubMed material consists of abstracts on preclinical research involving single cannabinoid molecules, test tubes, petri dishes, animal experiments, and in some cases human cell-line studies. Although all mammals have cell receptors that respond pharmacologically to cannabinoid compounds, data from animal experiments and other preclinical research is not always applicable to humans. GWPharmaceuticals has conducted successful trials of Sativex, a whole plant CBD-rich cannabis extract, mainly for people suffering from neuropathic pain; summaries of this research are also included. There have been additional studies with synthetic CBD and whole plant cannabis in Brazil and Israel. Unfortunately, political constraints have blocked clinical-oriented CBD research in the United States.

Most of the reports that follow pertain to cannabidiol. Occasionally articles examine the therapeutic potential of other plant cannabinoids—THC, CBDA (cannabidiol in its raw acid form), THCV, CBG, and CBDV, for example. We’ve also included a few studies that illuminate various aspects of the endocannabinoid system without focusing on CBD.